= The Traveller

Each player is given a traveler. Player has to carry him through all the cities. Player whose traveler visited all cities wins.

== Rules

* player can choose starting city for his traveler
* cities can be connected with rails tracks
* traveler can move only on his player's tracks
* traveler can move only by one city per turn
* traveler's move takes the whole turn
* distances between cities are different
* both cities can be connected only by one track
* each city connection must be build at once, there musn't be tracks with dead end
* not all cities can be connected with each other
* track belongs to player that built it
* building track takes the whole turn
* tracks can be demolished by any player, it consumes the whole turn
* once demolished track can be rebuilt and cannot be demolished again
* each city give a bonus for the first traveler that reaches them first (e.g. damage one opponent's track for one turn, destroy opponent's track, block opponent's traveler for one turn, abbillity  to build a track and move traveler in the same turn, ...)
* the bonus is represented by the card that is given to the player and can be used anytime further in the game
* cards can be used along with normal turn
* there are also bonus cards for reaching distance, traveller already travelled, they are the same as city bonuses
* in one turn, player can do only one of the following things: move his traveler, build a track, destroy a track

== Contributing to Traveller
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Grzegorz Miklaszewski. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.